feat(repeater): refrain from utilizing non standard ports (#197)
NeuraLegion/secbox-sdk-js: packages/repeater/README.md

}
```

> The `RepeaterFactory` also provides a method to create a `Repeater` instance using an existing repeater ID. You can use the `createRepeaterFromExisting` method to accomplish this:

Reviewer: You should not change the public API. We need to preserve this capability.

### Implementation details

Under the hood `Repeater` connects to the Bright engine using web socket protocol, then listens for incoming commands from the engine.

> Which in turn get executed with the `RequestRunner` to proceed with the request coming from the engine:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Under the hood, `Repeater` connects to the Bright engine using the WebSocket protocol and then listens for incoming commands from the engine.
These commands are executed by the `RequestRunner` to process the requests coming from the engine:
```
